Fix: Add instructions to get backbone darrknet53 Imagenet model (#467)
neuralmagic/sparseml: integrations/dbolya-yolact/tutorials/sparsifying_yolact_using_recipes.md

(You can also download a pre-trained model with a DarkNet-53 backbone from the YOLACT repository; in that case skip step 1.)

> 1. The training command for training from scratch, with a default batch_size of 8. Grab an imagenet-pretrained backbone and put it in `./weights`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The training command for training from scratch, with a default batch_size of 8. Grab an ImageNet-pre-trained backbone and put it in `./weights`.
```

>    - For Darknet53, download `darknet53.pth` from [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/17Y431j4sagFpSReuPNoFcj9h7azDTZFf/view?usp=sharing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For DarkNet-53, download `darknet53.pth` from [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/17Y431j4sagFpSReuPNoFcj9h7azDTZFf/view?usp=sharing).
```

      ```bash

>       python train.py --config yolact_darknet53_config 

Reviewer 2: is this the comand that downloads the weights?

Author: No , users need to download `darknet53.pth` from the given link and then this command initializes rest of the network based off of the backbone. And kick starts training

Once the initial training is over they would get a `yolact_draknet53_54_800000.pth` checkpoint from where they can start applying recipes.

Reviewer 2: can you make these instructions more clear then? let's assume everyone uses darknet, and say to download the darknet53.pth file and move it to the `./weights` directory

      ```    

>        The weights are stored in the `./weights` directory by default and use `<config>_<epoch>_<iter>.pth` naming 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       The weights are stored in the `./weights` directory by default and use the `<config>_<epoch>_<iter>.pth` naming 
```

>        The weights are stored in the `./weights` directory by default and use `<config>_<epoch>_<iter>.pth` naming 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       The weights are stored in the `./weights` directory by default and use the `<config>_<epoch>_<iter>.pth` naming 
```

Author: Done!

(You can also download a pre-trained model with a DarkNet-53 backbone from the YOLACT repository; in that case skip step 1.)

1. Training YOLACT from scratch requires a pretrained-backbone model, to train with a default `batch_size` of `8` and a `Darknet53` backbone do the following.

>    - Download imagenet-pretrained `Darknet53` backbone and put it in `./weights`.

Author: ```suggestion
   - Download Imagenet-pre-trained `Darknet53` backbone and put it in `./weights`.
```

>    - Download Imagenet-pre-trained `Darknet53` backbone and put it in `./weights`.

Author: ```suggestion
   - Download ImageNet-pre-trained `Darknet53` backbone and put it in `./weights`.
```

    │   ├── dets
    │   └── scripts
    └── weights
        └── darknet53.pth
 ```

You are ready to use the weights at `yolact/weights/yolact_darknet53_54_800000.pth` with the Neural Magic recipes to create a sparsified model.

> You can also download this pretrained weight directly from [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1dukLrTzZQEuhzitGkHaGjphlmRJOjVnP/view)

Reviewer 2: can you give a bash command for this, does wget work here?

Author: Synced offline, Will add a sparsezoo stub Once models uploaded to make the flow easier

> You can also download this pretrained weight directly from [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1dukLrTzZQEuhzitGkHaGjphlmRJOjVnP/view)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also download directly this pre-trained weight from [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1dukLrTzZQEuhzitGkHaGjphlmRJOjVnP/view)
```

    │   ├── dets
    │   └── scripts
    └── weights
        ├── darknet53.pth
        └── yolact_darknet53_54_800000.pth
 ```

You are ready to use the weights at `yolact/weights/yolact_darknet53_54_800000.pth` with the Neural Magic recipes to create a sparsified model.

> You can also download directly this pre-trained weight from [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1dukLrTzZQEuhzitGkHaGjphlmRJOjVnP/view)

Reviewer 3: @rahul-tuli these should be the base weights on the SparseZoo for fp32, please update accordingly rather than going through google drive

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can also download this baseline, pre-trained checkpoint directly from the [SparseZoo UI](https://staging-sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com/models/cv%2Fsegmentation%2Fyolact-darknet53%2Fpytorch%2Fdbolya%2Fcoco%2Fbase-none).
```
